                                                                             80
			CPG OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT
			   Version 1, September 2004

 Copyright (C) 2004 CPG-Nuke  www.cpgnuke.com
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
 document, but changing it is not allowed.

INTRODUCTION

  The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to
share and change it. The CPG-OSLA is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change free software and to make sure the software is free for all
its users.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price.
Our Open Source License is designed to make sure that you have the freedom to
distribute copies of free software, that you receive source code or can get it
if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new
free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

  To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to
deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights. These restrictions
translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the
licensed software, or if you modify it.

    For example, if you distribute copies of a CPG-OSLA licensed program, you 
must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You must make sure that 
they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these
terms so they know their rights.

  We protect your rights with two steps:
  1: copyright the software, and
  2: offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy, 
     distribute and/or modify the software.

  Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software. If
the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients
to know that what they have is not the original, so that any problems
introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.

  Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software patents. We
wish to avoid the danger that re-distributors of a free program will
individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the program proprietary.
To prevent this, we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for
everyone's free use or not licensed at all.

  The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification
follow.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

 0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice
    placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms
    of this Open Source License.  The "Program", below, refers to any such
    program or work, and a "work based on the Program" means either the Program
    or any derivative work under copyright law:
    that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it, either
    verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another language.
    (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in the term
    "modification".)  Each human being or licensee is addressed as "you" or
    "your".
    "Distribute" and "Distribution" is the act of passing or circulating the
    source code of the program from one human being to another.

    Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
    covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of running
    the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program is covered
    only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program (independent
    of having been made by running the Program).
    Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.

 1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's source code as
    you receive it, in any medium, provided that:
    
    a) you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
    copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty;
    
    b) keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the
    absence of any warranty;
    
    c) give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along
    with the Program.

    You may not charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, but
    you may at your option offer warranty protection or support in exchange for
    a fee.

 2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it,
    thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and distribute such
    modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided that you
    also meet all of these conditions:

    a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating
       that you changed the files and the date of any change.
       (CVS is good a way to do)

    b) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run,
       you must cause it, when started running for such interactive use in the
       most ordinary way, to print or display an announcement including an
       appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty (or
       else, saying that you provide a warranty) and that users may
       redistribute or display interactively the program under these
       conditions, and telling the end-user how to view a copy of this License.

    These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If identifiable
    sections of that work are not derived from the Program, and can be
    reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves, then
    this License, and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you
    distribute them as separate or included works.  But when you distribute a
    section as part of a whole or as a replacement of a work based on the
    Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this
    License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole,
    and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

    Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your
    rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to exercise
    the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works
    based on the Program. You may under this contract modify the program for 
    your own use as long you follow the rest of the terms of this contract.

    In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with
    the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage
    or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of
    this License, it is the act of distribution as defined above.

 3. You may not copy, modify, sub-license, or distribute the Program except as
    expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to copy,
    modify, sub-license or distribute the Program will automatically 
    terminate your rights under this License.
    However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this
    License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties
    remain in full compliance.

 4. You may distribute a modified version of the Program for a fee if you added
    a section not based on an included work or you have added additional 
    functionality that has modified an included work more than 75%,
    which also meets all of these conditions:

    a) The fee for the whole will be based on the payment of that section and
       any additional support.

    b) A verbatim copy of the Program must be provided as well under Sections 1
       and 2 of this license.

    c) All credits and copyrights must be included with the modified work as
       mentioned under Sections 1 and 2 of this license, and the additional
       license of the added work.

    d) A reasonable amount of money for each sale not to exceed 10%, or other 
       form of support agreed to by the original authors, must be donated to 
       the original program.

    Thus, it is not the intent of this section to prevent you from gaining
    money from a work which is not written entirely by you; rather, the intent
    is to exercise the right to control the collective work based on the
    Program and donate to keep the development of the Open Source Program
    ongoing.

 5. You are not required to accept this License.
    However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the
    Program or its derivative works.  These actions are prohibited by law if
    you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by modifying or distributing
    the Program (or any work based on the Program), you indicate your
    acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for
    copying, distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it.

 6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the Program),
    the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor
    to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and
    conditions.  You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients'
    exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for
    enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.

 7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
    infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
    conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
    otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
    excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot distribute
    so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any
    other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute
    the Program at all.  For example, if a patent license would not permit
    royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies
    directly or indirectly through you, then the only way you could satisfy
    both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of
    the Program.

    If any portion of this license is held invalid or unenforceable under any
    particular circumstance, the balance of the license is intended to apply
    and the license as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.

    It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents
    or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims;
    this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free
    software distribution system, which is implemented by public license
    practices.  Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range
    of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent
    application of that system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or
    she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a
    licensee cannot impose that choice.

    This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a
    consequence of the rest of this License.

 8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in certain
    countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the original
    copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an
    explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries, so
    that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
    excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
    written in the body of this License.

 9. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs
    whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author to ask for
    permission.  The decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the
    free status of all derivatives of the authors free software and of
    promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.

10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into a commercial program
    then write to the author to ask for permission.  The decision will be
    guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of the original work
    and a reasonable donation for promoting the authors.

			    NO WARRANTY

11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR
    THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN
    OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
    PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
    OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
    TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE
    PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
    REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
    WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
    REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
    INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
    OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
    TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
    YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
    PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
    POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

		     END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
